# Contributing to the Hanab Live Project

- With issues:

  - Use the search tool before opening a new issue.

- With pull requests:

  - We hang out in [the Discord server](https://discord.gg/FADvkJp) in the `#website-development` channel. Come say hi.
  - Your pull requests need to pass the linter. To set up the linter, read and follow the [installation instructions](docs/install.md).
  - Help me fix all these bugs and issues!

  # Creating a new variant

  - Be sure to edit and save any files you edit with Vscode so the files follow prettier formatting rules.

  - If your Variant adds new suits into the game, you can modify suits.json adding those new suits at the end of the file.

  - Then find the file "getVariantDescriptions.ts" and look for "const variantDescriptions".

  - There you will find the variant functions in the order they were added to the game each with ... before them.

  - Add your variant function or functions after the last ... line.

  - Further down the file you will see the various Variant functions. Copy one of these functions as a function template so you know how the formatting will work. If your variant function is simple, I would recommend the getMixVariants() function to use as the template.

  - Paste the function template right before the function maxRequiredVariantEfficiency()

  - Modify the function name, as well as the entries Variant Name and Suits to match your added Variants.

  - Note that the clue color palate will add clue colors from left to right for the variant in the order that the suits are listed for that variant.

  - Make a Github Commit to your local branch (the branch you plan to use for adding your new variant) after these files are changed. Do not make any Github commits on this branch that change variants.json or variants.txt until the variants are tested on your local machine, ready, and then the pull request is made. You may make further commits that change suits.json or getVariantDescriptions.ts to tweak your variants and any suits you directly made however.

  - Do not edit the variants.txt or variants.json files directly, these files will be auto generated by running the script below.

  - Enter npm run create-variants-json in the commandline in the same directory as where your code lives. This will add the new variants to your local machine.

  - Run a test game to make sure everything in the new variants work as intended.

  - Once all this is done. Submit a pull request to Hanabi-Live:main from your local Github branch and allow the checks to run, this will produce errors in the monorepo check, this is expected and will soon be corrected.

  - Upload the generated files variants.json and variants.txt and make a new Github Commit to your local branch. This will update the pull request automatically.

  - Following the above steps should allow the pull request to run through without errors.
